order of functions matter.
Define a function or at the very least declare it before calling it in other function
why?
because say you call a function in main 
but its deined after the main block
then compiler assumes theres a function and then also assumes its return type 
as int so we dont necessarily need to declare int functions unless sharing code.
if its wrong and when it reaches the actual function it gives out error.

so instead of fixing by moving functions
just declare them before eg
function_decl(type param);

other option is to store that set of declarations into a header file.
make your header file with .h extension. 
and instead of angle brackets "< >" use quotes for local header files "" (indicate relative path)

#include is a preprocessor instruction.

#Ctrl + D sends EOF to scanf so the program will continue with the rest, useful in looping progs

--------------------------

CODE SHARING:
code sharing allows us to reuse same functions accross multiple files
hence helping by saving space and time to edit them in case of need and also documentation

steps:
-> create a separate C file for the shared function
-> create a header file preferably the same name as the program file with .h extension
-> inside the header file declare the function you want to share eg. 
	returntype fun_name(parameters); 
-> inside the function file make an inclusion for the header file
	so add #include "header.h" (Note using quotes because file is local)
-> now function is portable, you just need to include the header file in the 
   programs that actually need it

then at the linking stage the program will be able to connect the function call
in main with the included function
compilation: gcc prog.c function.c -o binary
you need both source files for the code to compile

SHARING your custom .h HEADER FILES:
1) store them in standard directory -> /usr/local/include
2) or just use full path name in include section "path to header"
3) mentioning it to the compiler. gcc -I/header_files test_code.c. this will make it search in the directory name in -I option and then also check in standard places

small programs allow us to create bigger programs
and it makes it easier by working with modules (smaller multiple files)
C compilers -> really efficient, modify source and link hundreds of files together 
even optimise the code. without blowing memory and they do it fast

problem is changing and compiling these big number of files into source code
compilation time (&) no. of files
the idea is, if you are changing only some source files, it doesnt make sense 
to recompile each and every one of them 
If source file hasnt changed then the object code of the file will also remain same
so one only needs to create the object code of the modified files
and then link them all together(still need to use linker) creating a new version of the program

so how to save these object codes?
---> gcc -c *.c
-c will create object files but wont link them together into executable
object files have .o extension

then if you wanna link them together
gcc *.o -o launch

if done right the compile time can be reduced by 95%

the problem is that partial compiles are faster but harder to track of.
so to automate that process use the make tool

check maketool.txt for more info 
