programs are controlled with the signals to interrupt when necessary
when interrupt is sent the process runs its interrupt handler and calls exit()

so now how do we catch signals?
using sigaction : sigaction is a struct which has pointer to a function
sigactions tell which funcion to call when a signal is sent

creating a sigaction:
struct sigaction action;
action.sa_handler = name_of_function;
sigemptyset(&action.sa_mask); ---> sigemptyset does exactly what it sounds like, it emptys all the signal bits inside sa_mask to 0;
sa_mask: is a bitfield which contains the signals that should be blocked while the handler is running.
since we used sigempty set itll basically say "DONT BLOCK ANY EXTRA SIGNALS WHEN THE HANDLER RUNS"

action.sa_flags = 0; ---> additional flags


then you create a handler which takes int argument (will pass the signal to it) 

so now we use the sigaction()
sigaction(signal_no, &new_action, &old_action);
new action will be the action we created from the struct
and the old action is basically what we want it to revert to
so like a default action after doing our new one
or we can leave it NULL

NOTE: HIGHLY RECOMMENDED TO REFER THE PROGRAM /10/signal_handler.c

signals:

SIGINT - The process was interrupted
SIGQUIT - Someone asked the process to stop and dump the memory in a core dump file
SIGFPE - Floating-point error
SIGTRAP - The debugger asks where the process is
SIGSEV - the process tried to access illegal memory
SIGWINCH - The terminal window changed size
SIGTERM - someone just asked the kernel to kill the process
SIGPIPE - The process wrote to a pipe that nothing's reading


the kill command - 
can be used to test whether your signal handler works.
normally used to kill off processes but it can send signals to a process (SIGTERM by default)

accepted flags: INT, SEGV, KILL, etc, the idea is to remove SIG from SIGINT
one can always kill any process with -KILL flag
and -STOP cant also be ignored (pause)

A process can send a signal to itself 
raise():
basically helps the process send a signal to itself.
can be used to create custom signal handler or testing.

signal escalation: raise a more serious signal after receiving a signal for something minor



SIGALRM:
created by the process's interval timer.
so something like an alarm clock, you set a timer, after the timer has passsed itll raise the signal. (itll happen in the background) so the process isnt blocked.
by default when SIGALRM is received by the process, it stops the process. one can set a handler to do something else.
alarms are great to repeat a task after a specific interval, or as timeouts

setting an alarm for less than a second is more complicated. one needs to use a different function setitimer(). (for seconds or fraction of em) 

each process only gets one timer since its managed by kernel, and too many timers make the kernel slow, hence the limit.
if a timer is already set and you set it again the timer gets reset to that new timer og is lost.


SIG_DFL ->
used if one wants to restore the default signal handler. instead of the custom ones.
catch_signal(SIGTERM, SIG_DFL);

SIG_IGN ->
tells the process to completely ignore that signal.





